Gitlab revamp (#5971)
DataDog/integrations-core: gitlab/README.md

##### Metric collection

> 1. Edit the `gitlab.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][3], to point to the Gitlab's metrics endpoint. See the [sample gitlab.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `gitlab.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][3], to point to the Gitlab's metrics [endpoint](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/administration/monitoring/prometheus/gitlab_metrics.html#collecting-the-metrics). See the [sample gitlab.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.
```
Let's also add a link to the Gitlab documentation for more info.

Reviewer: Not sure if it's clear for gitlab users, but we should also document that the IP needs to be whitelisted in order to monitor gitlab https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/administration/monitoring/ip_whitelist.html

Author: True, that's something that should be included

Author: Added!

>     **Note**: The metrics in [metrics.py][11] are collected by default. The `allowed_metrics` item in the `init_config` section allows to specify the legacy metrics that should be extracted. See [Gitlab's documentation][12] for further information about its metric collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: The metrics in [metrics.py][11] are collected by default. The `allowed_metrics` configuration option in the `init_config` section collects specific legacy metrics. See [Gitlab's documentation][12] for further information about its metric collection
```

##### Metric collection

1. Edit the `gitlab.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][3], to point to the Gitlab's metrics [endpoint][13]. See the [sample gitlab.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.

>     **Note**: The metrics in [metrics.py][11] are collected by default. The `allowed_metrics` configuration option in the `init_config` collects specific legacy metrics. See [Gitlab's documentation][12] for further information about its metric collection

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Note**: The metrics in [metrics.py][11] are collected by default. The `allowed_metrics` configuration option in the `init_config` collects specific legacy metrics. See [Gitlab's documentation][12] for further information about its metric collection.
```

> 

Reviewer: Should this containerized instance example be updated? https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/gitlab/README.md#metric-collection-1
